Now I remember...
this man.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Let's find Se-jin first.
She probably couldn't get off
since it's too crowded.
Maybe she went to the front car.
That's him. The guy who was with Se-jin.
Darn it.
Excuse me.
Sorry, coming through.
Mister.
Sun Jae-gyu?
Choi I-jun.
So you're alive.
Are you the guy who was with Se-jin?
Hey.
Why bring a high school girl here?
I spent ten years trying to find you,
and that's all you have to say?
Shouldn't you at least ask
how I've been first?
I don't care about that.
You don't...
care?
Answer me.
What's your relationship with Se-jin?
I don't care about your relationship,
and I don't want to know.
Whether you talk things out
or fight it out, do it later.
Let me ask you as Se-jin's teacher.
Where is she right now?
I should introduce myself.
I'm...
Se-jin's older brother.
Her brother?
I'm not sure why
her teacher has come all the way here,
but if you thought Se-jin ran away,
there's no reason to worry.
This runaway
was entirely under my watch
as her older brother...
and our parents have already been updated
on where she is.
What?
Wait.
So my big plan wasn't a disappearance...
but just an outing?
EPISODE 3
I'm sorry.
I heard Se-jin would be staying
at some guy's place,
so I was scared.
I ended up telling you
without checking first.
It turned out to be a misunderstanding,
but you meant well.
Our students are in the same class
for all three years,
so you're more like family than friends.
It's natural to worry.
Yes, coming all this way
was the right choice.
You were brave, Han-gyul.
Choi Se-jin must be really mad.
Evil Han-gyul, that traitor.
I can't believe he told on me.
And to that hypocrite teacher.
Why on earth was Sun Jae-gyu
with Yoon Bom?
Wait.
You know my teacher's name?
What?
I heard it earlier on the subway.
By the way,
what does Sun Jae-gyu do there?
Has it been just him and Han-gyul?
No other family?
Jjun?
Are we talking about Han-gyul's uncle
or about me?
What's going on with you
and Han-gyul's uncle?
Here, what does "gangho" mean?
"Gang" is river and "ho" is lake.
This kind of comparison to nature
is called a metaphor.
Gosh, here we go again.
Hey, Sun Jae-gyu!
I'm sorry.
There's no one at home to watch him.
Sorry about that, guys. I'm sorry.
If I-jun doesn't get into
Hanguk University because of your nephew,
what are you going to do?
He's not even your son.
Why did you have to
bring your nephew all the way to school?
Don't you have any family at home?
My dad is out on the boat and my sister--
Have you ever seen his sister?
I've never seen her at home.
Tell me about it.
I-jun.
No, I-jun. Hold on, calm down.
Calm down.
What?
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey, what's your deal?
I thought you were just smart.
You're good with babies, too?
My family happens to have...
a tiny little one like him.
Now let me study.
Come here.
Oh, my goodness.
Let's give it up for I-jun!
There's no one like him.
We started out as friends...
but ended up strangers.
One's romantic, the other's into action.
Based on your looks and style,
it makes sense you're strangers.
We are strangers.
He said that
he's been looking for you for ten years.
If he were really a stranger,
would he search that long?
It's obvious
why he tried so hard to find me.
Why?
Forget about him.
He's got nothing to do with my life.
Wait, we should be getting on the highway.
Why are we at a hotel?
We've covered 400 km
in 5 hours and 20 minutes.
We've traveled a lot.
It's the same distance back home.
Imagine how exhausting that's going to be.
I know you're tired from driving, but--
I'm not tired at all.
I'm talking about him, not me.
He's supposed to eat and sleep properly,
but he's only had noodles
and stayed up all night.
Shouldn't we let him wash up
and get some sleep?
Even so...
Hop out.
Sorry about earlier.
Text me when you see this.
I'm sorry.
It's the weekend, so all the rooms are...
No rooms?
Looks like there aren't any rooms.
We better go home.
Yes, there is.
It's a family room
with a double bed and a single bed.
We'll take it.
What?
It's a family room for family.
What's the problem?
You two are family, but we're not.
You said
everyone at that school is family.
Don't you get figures of speech?
Why do you take everything literally?
Do you want to do something in the room?
As if.
Then we have only one purpose.
Sleep.
A family room fits that purpose perfectly.
It's cheaper than getting two rooms.
Why can't we sleep there?
Darn it.
It's a family room.
This isn't family-oriented.
You go wash up first.
No, you first.
Han-gyul, you look tired.
Go ahead and wash up first.
Yeah, you go first.
- Then I'll go first.
- Okay.
Why are you doing push-ups
all of a sudden?
Exercise is a habit.
Are you busy?
Why would I be busy here?
Want to get on my back?
Why would I get on a parent's back?
It doesn't even feel like a workout
with no weights.
Hold my legs.
I'm busy.
You're a teacher.
Why do you keep switching up?
You said you weren't busy.
Some teacher you are.
All right.
I'll do 100 reps, okay?
If you want to work out, go out.
This hotel has a pool and a gym.
Don't do it in the room, okay?
Han-gyul.
Come on out.
Is he sleeping or what?
What the heck?
Is the kid alone?
"That woman"?
Who's "that woman"?
A female friend? Someone he's seeing?
Could it be his ex?
Where on earth is he?
Oh, my! Hey, kid!
Are you okay? Oh, no!
Hey, kid! Gosh, what do I do?
Mr. Sun?
Wait right there!
Don't move!
Stay right there!
Stay calm!
Geez.
Are you okay, kiddo?
- You're fine. Stop crying.
- Is he okay?
- Ji-u!
- Your mom's here.
Are you all right?
He scared me.
Why? What happened?
Did he do something to you?
Ma'am.
I know I scared him,
but what happened is--
How dare you!
What the heck?
What did you do with my husband?
Ma'am, what do you mean--
I've checked all the evidence!
Your late-night calls...
and you two meeting at your place!
I think there's been a misunderstanding.
Your husband and I are not--
I heard you flirted with him first.
Ma'am.
You told him how caring he was.
You came on to him first!
No, ma'am, that's not... Wait.
Right?
What's wrong with you?
What did you do to my kid?
All right, please calm down.
He must've been startled.
If there's a pharmacy nearby,
get him some medicine.
Unbelievable. Let's go.
Take care!
Why aren't you explaining yourself?
She should be thanking you.
Why did you just take the blame?
It's fine as long as the kid's okay.
Why bother explaining?
No.
What needs to be done needs to be done.
Once something's buried,
it's tough to dig it up later.
Excuse me!
Wait up!
So, Dong-pyo, are you saying
you've personally met that great person?
I have.
He'd have been thrilled
if he'd met you all.
But... the so-called great person
hasn't shown up.
How long
should we keep crawling like this?
This is how everyone starts.
All right, get up.
Now, let's try the position
while lying down.
You two are a pair, and you two.
Master.
You want me to pair up with a woman?
Look.
Jiu jitsu is about skill, not strength.
Why are you treating
men and women differently even here?
Forget it.
Dong-pyo.
- Guard recovery.
- Yes, sir.
What?
- Look carefully.
- Yes, sir.
The person on the bottom uses their legs
to keep the person on top
from moving around.
Want to try an attack?
- Me?
- Yes.
Just get on top. Come on, follow along.
- Oh, like this?
- Attack.
Come on.
All right, like this.
Like this.
Like this, right?
Wow, is this really your first time?
You're like a pro in a training video.
Is that so? Am I doing okay?
You're incredible.
Now, head up and try faster.
Faster. Like this.
Like this.
Geez, seriously.
Darn it. That woman...
I knew this would happen.
Did it burst?
Did what burst?
Stop with the nonsense and just go.
Looks like there's a bit of a problem.
- Are you okay?
- What's wrong with you?
Go, just go!
Check if there's an injury
and let me know.
Maybe you need to go to the hospital,
or maybe rest will do.
I'll need to pay for it.
And how are you going to pay for it, huh?
What if I never marry and end up alone?
How will you pay me back?
- I guess you want to get married.
- Of course.
Even if I end up getting divorced
like someone I know,
I'll at least try.
What's with the jab at me?
Look, ma'am.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
Stop going around and causing trouble.
From now on,
just take care of your kids at home.
Okay?
SPORTS CENTER
Just look at yourself.
With that hot temper of yours,
how could any girl like you?
Go home and look in the mirror.
You think you're still handsome?
Your face is all dark and wrinkly.
And why's your head so tiny?
Can a brain even fit in there?
Goodness.
With a face like that,
you ought to speak politely.
Otherwise, forget about getting married.
My goodness.
I'm so sorry. My apologies.
You should apologize... to her.
She'd been up all night
and was about to rest,
but she couldn't catch her breath
before checking the security footage.
I'm terribly sorry.
My apologies.
SE-JIN, SORRY ABOUT EARLIER
TEXT ME WHEN YOU SEE THIS
Put the phone down. Lights out.
Lights out now.
Good night.
SE-JIN
Uncle, I'll go take this call.
Han-gyul, take it here.
Beautiful.
Shiny and bright.
So beautiful, like a star.
What?
What did you just say?
Seoul is different, huh?
Look at the tower lights.
Wow, awesome.
Good night.
Let's sleep.
Doesn't she remember me yet?
How much does he remember?
She'll remember eventually.
Maybe it's better to pretend
I don't remember.
I found her.
You found her?
You made a fuss that you couldn't,
but how?
- Mom.
- You're here.
- Mom, did you lose weight?
- Really?
You look gorgeous.
- Yes.
- You went to the salon?
- Yes, I did.
- Do I look pretty?
- Yes.
You too.
Thanks.
It's too light to be a coincidence...
Let me ask you as Se-jin's teacher.
Where is she right now?
...and too heavy to be fate.
I'd call it a meaningful connection.
She lives in the same neighborhood
as the person I was looking for.
Who? That jerk?
That dumb brute
who ran off with your money?
Where is she?
Where the heck is she hiding?
I can't tell you.
If Miss Bom cut ties with her family
on purpose, there must be a reason.
I can't get involved...
- and hurt her even more.
- "Bom"?
My homeroom teacher?
Anyway, I'll be in touch
once I'm in Seoul.
Jjun.
Can't you be a lawyer here
instead of Seoul?
I said you asked me to come,
and Mom and Dad didn't nag me at all.
If you help me with my studies,
I think I could beat Evil Han-gyul.
Please?
First...
give me his address.
Whose?
Han-gyul's uncle's?
Who cares if I remember or not?
He won't know if I stay quiet.
Yeah, I'll just keep my mouth shut
and try not to get involved with him.
Didn't you lose your other half?
Sorry?
I'll find my other half on my own.
Where?
- It's right here.
- What?
There's nothing like hip-hop
on the way to work.
You have good taste in music.
Why is my other earbud in your ear?
Han-gyul probably thought it was mine.
We were in Seoul during the weekend--
Why are you whispering so loudly?
Darn it. I told him to bring an umbrella.
Miss Bom, I heard everything earlier.
Did you go to Seoul with Sun Jae-gyu?
There was a reason behind it.
Aren't you hurt?
Mr. Sun isn't that kind of person.
What, are you defending him?
I'm not defending him.
I want to clear up the misunderstanding.
He went to Seoul
to help Han-gyul's friend.
He's the type to endure humiliation
even after saving a kid from drowning.
We should also check
if Mr. Hong really hurt his hand
because of Mr. Sun.
What's gotten into you?
You spent just a few days together
and you've completely fallen for him.
Miss Bom.
Take my advice.
It's best to stay away from Sun Jae-gyu
if possible.
I've seen him downtown--
What about Sun Jae-gyu?
Why?
Did something happen?
I mean...
just think about what he's like
all the time.
When it comes to Han-gyul,
he flips out and storms in here,
causing a scene.
But with Han-gyul...
he's so caring and sweet.
Who would think he's his uncle?
When he should have been out
meeting girls,
he didn't date anyone
because he was taking care of Han-gyul.
Gosh, no one could do that
even for their own kid.
Then it must be his own kid.
What?
Gather around.
It's fresh.
The other day, I was downtown
and saw this guy with huge shoulders,
built like a tank,
and a dragon tattoo running down his arm.
A guy that looked just like Sun Jae-gyu
was with some woman.
A woman?
You've got some nerve
to ask about the kid.
She was facing him
and going on about some kid.
She was crying her eyes out.
- Miss Seo.
- Yes.
Is that true? Are you sure you saw it?
Principal, who else in Shinsu
would walk around with a dragon tattoo
besides Sun Jae-gyu?
Am I right?
Looks can say a lot about someone.
His eyes are all sharp
and his whole body oozes desire,
hitting on one girl after another.
He's tall and lanky, swaggering around.
Anyone could tell
he's up to something scandalous.
Even so.
You said Han-gyul's mother passed away.
There's no way to know
unless you check the family registry.
Don't you think so?
Am I right?
Yes, that makes sense.
THAT WOMAN
What?
What the heck?
Are you Kim Min-jae?
Why do you always get in my way?
"Sorry"?
Do you have to say sorry
with a Nobel Prize-winning book?
I'm really sorry for telling the adults.
I wasn't trying to mess with you.
I just panicked when I heard
you'd sleep at some guy's house.
Yeah, sure.
You need me, that's why.
I need you?
Our class has 25 students.
If even one's missing,
you won't get Grade 1.
You need me beneath you
to keep your top grade safe.
I know how you can get Grade 1.
Are you...
dying?
If I die, there'll be 24.
If you want to get Grade 1,
you need me, too.
How am I supposed to do that?
You just have to...
beat me.
Guess who won Usain Bolt's farewell race?
Gatlin, the one
who was always second to him.
Roger Deakins lost the Oscar
for cinematography 13 times
before winning on the 14th.
Nobody's second forever.
You sure can beat me.
But I just don't know how!
Here's the stuff most likely on the final.
Start here.
You're doing this
knowing I can't beat you.
It's because I want you to beat me.
Why?
Why do you want me to beat you?
Go over it.
I'll add the other subjects too.
Let's go.
I knew Se-jin and I
were on the same level.
Hermann Hesse's...
Mian. Wow, it's a masterpiece.
It's about a wounded soul learning to live
by forgiving others, you know.
I'm embarrassed we were in the same womb.
What's this provocation?
At least learn the title!
This book is not "Mian," it's "Daemian."
"Dae" means "super,"
so it means "super sorry."
So, was the woman
who called him at the hotel
the same one Miss Seo saw?
But if Han-gyul is his son,
why would he pretend he's his nephew?
I spent too much time with him.
It doesn't matter who he is to Han-gyul.
It's none of my business.
What is he doing over there?
Oh, my gosh.
Did he load up on supplements
or take steroids or something?
Why does he get so fired up every night?
Mr. Sun.
I've been trying to look the other way
regardless of what you do,
but as a resident of Shinsu,
I can't really turn a blind eye.
The drains are city property,
so you shouldn't damage them.
Goodness, it's big enough
for you to slip an arm in.
- Is it?
- What?
Is it big enough?
Goodness, is it you again?
Now you recognize me.
Oh, you know this puppy?
Who left you here?
Were you caught in a landslide?
I followed your sound.
It's okay.
I saved this little guy
during the landslide before.
Are you lost?
Why are you alone? Come here.
My goodness.
Are you okay?
Wait.
Looks like it hurt its leg.
What do we do? Is there a vet nearby?
Do you have something to dry it off?
- I do.
- Where?
PAWS & MEOW ANIMAL CLINIC
What?
What's wrong?
Working the night shift
is finally paying off tonight.
Why would you take your shirt off
to get it dry?
It's shaking so much,
who cares about a shirt?
Still...
This is a quick-dry shirt,
so it dries quickly.
Can you treat it?
Probably.
Sure, just say the word.
We can do anything for you.
I think this little one hurt its leg,
please take a look.
And do a full check-up while we're here.
The doctor's out birthing a calf.
You'll have to wait a bit.
Can you fill this out?
Sure. Go have a seat.
It's okay.
Why's it taking so long?
There's no need to hide it.
Scars aren't always a bad thing.
They're proof of what you've endured.
Excuse me.
You're Han-gyul's dad, right?
Oh, he's Han-gyul's uncle, not his dad.
What? Yes, he is.
You are Han-gyul's dad.
I've checked all the paperwork.
Paperwork? What do you mean?
Say something, Mr. Sun.
She's saying you're Han-gyul's dad
and not his uncle.
She's right.
I am...
Han-gyul's father.
His uncle is... his dad?
What?
Take the umbrella.
If you catch a cold from the rain,
you can't do well on the finals.
Why?
Worried your grade will drop
if your pacemaker gives up?
If I take this, how will you get home?
I'd still beat you
even if I get rained on.
Share it with me.
If I beat you like this,
what will everyone think?
They'll think I only won
because Evil Han-gyul caught a cold.
It's too small. You take it.
You can't get
a single drop of rain on you.
That's how we keep it fair.
Stay healthy no matter what
until the exams.
Understand? That's an order.
AWARD CERTIFICATE
FILIAL PIETY AWARD
It must have been hard...
for Se-jin.
So, you came to give me a hard time?
You're holding up better than I expected.
I even filed a fake complaint
just to find where you are.
Here.
You went through all that trouble
to find me.
This is why, right?
It's three times as much as before.
I figured I'd give it back someday,
so I put it in the same box.
It came in handy, thanks.
So, you think...
I spent ten years...
looking for you...
because of money?
What else do you want from me
other than money?
An apology.
An apology?
There's no apology.
Money is all you'll get from me.
Tell me if you want more.
Evil Han-gyul thinks I'm a joke.
He gave me his notebook this morning,
and now an umbrella
like I'm a charity case.
He's looking down on me
because my grades suck, right?
I wanted to forgive him,
but I want to take revenge now.
Tell me about it.
Are you throwing money away?
I'll recycle it, then.
No.
Leave it. I'll take it back later.
This is just a performance
to vent my rage.
Se-jin...
you wanted to beat Han-gyul, right?
I want to crush him.
There's someone from that family
I'd love to crush, too.
Han-gyul's uncle?
- Team up?
- Absolutely.
By the way...
if we're going to work together,
don't you need to come to Shinsu?
I need your help to beat Evil Han-gyul.
I'm doing this to steal first place.
But what about you?
What are you planning to take
from his uncle?
So the rumor about you...
being Han-gyul's dad was true?
That rumor... got out?
There's no way it could have.
Otherwise, how would she know?
She said she checked the paperwork.
Take a look.
PET CHECK-IN FORM
NAME: HAN-GYUL
DAD: SUN JAE-GYU, MOM: YOON BOM
Confirm that and then come in.
Sure.
When did you fill this in?
And why am I its mom?
Then are you the dad?
Even so, how could you write "Han-gyul"?
Who in their right mind
names a random dog after their nephew?
She suddenly asked me to write a name.
That's all I could think of.
If you don't like it,
you can come up with something.
See? I knew it.
You're drawing a blank, too, right?
Geez.
If you don't like Han-gyul,
let's go with Bom-sik.
Bom-sik, Yoon Bom's son. Nice.
What if it's a girl?
- It's a boy.
- Goodness.
Han-gyul's mom and dad, please come in.
We just changed his name.
It's Bom-sik. Let's go, Bom-sik.
Other than the small bruise,
there are no fractures or major problems,
but due to poor nutrition,
he's showing signs of low blood sugar.
If he gets IV fluids and some rest,
he should be fine.
So, what happens to him from here on?
We also take in stray animals,
so you can leave him with us...
but he doesn't have a chip,
so we need to put up a notice
to find the owner.
What if the owner doesn't turn up?
If no one shows up in ten days...
What, are you saying you'd put him down?
No.
If the owner doesn't turn up,
please let us know. Please.
We will. Don't worry and go eat something.
He's perfectly fine.
Open your eyes.
Come in, honey.
What did you just call me?
You're Bom-sik's mom and I'm his dad.
That makes us a couple, doesn't it?
Honey.
Welcome.
My goodness.
Oh, my. You came with your wife today.
I'm not his wife. I'm his kid's teacher.
What would you like?
Everything's made of flour here.
Ma'am, don't you have something healthy?
My goodness.
You take really good care of your wife.
I'm jealous.
Our kid hurt his leg,
so my wife hasn't had a single bite.
She's been starving.
Poor thing.
How could a mom even eat
when her kid is sick?
- How many kids?
- One.
- A girl?
- A boy.
Oh, dear. Then you better have a daughter.
Sons are a pain to raise.
They just cause problems.
My point exactly.
I've been pushing for one more kid.
She's been saying no.
Excuse me,
aren't you going to take our order?
Hold on.
I made some beef bone broth
during the day.
I'll whip up a hearty dumpling soup
especially for your wife.
It'll give you some strength,
so have a girl with your husband.
Okay?
Geez.
Are you free tomorrow evening?
Do you want to check out
my workplace again?
As long as Han-gyul's free.
Han-gyul's not coming.
Let's meet, just us.
Just the two of us?
Let's have a drink.
No way. Unbelievable.
Are you serious?
No, wait.
So, the girl you're interested in
asked you out for drinks tonight?
Alone, just the two of you?
She's not someone I'm interested in.
She's just someone I know.
Either way,
she must've asked you
because she's interested in you.
I guess she's in the mood for a drink.
You really have no clue, do you?
You think "Want to stay for coffee?"
actually means coffee?
You think "Want to rest a bit?"
means just rest?
Wait a minute.
You haven't been
taking everything she said
literally like that, have you?
"Why do you take everything literally?"
She did say that to me.
So you have been doing that.
See? So, listen.
You should've noticed
the tone of her voice
and the nuances in her actions.
Come here.
That brat.
Here.
Boss.
Wait, it's so good.
Have some, boss.
Nuances...
How am I supposed to figure those out?
When you saw her, how was she dressed?
It kind of looked like
she put in extra effort, right?
Didn't she wear a light, fluttery dress
with her hair nicely done?
She always looks ready for a funeral.
Doesn't she smile constantly
and find you funny?
She always clenches her jaw tightly.
Doesn't she give compliments over nothing?
She loves to nitpick and complain.
No, I'm sure she must've given you clues,
but you didn't catch any.
Then...
look carefully from now on.
"Let's have a drink."
It's definitely an approval.
That's nonsense.
What approval?
There's no need to hide it.
Scars aren't always a bad thing.
They're proof of what you've endured.
Is it the coffee I had?
Why is my heart racing?
Jae-gyu!
She looked like she put in
extra effort to look nice, right?
Open up.
- Do you need handyman work?
- No.
- Do you need to move heavy stuff?
Is there someone to take care of, then?
No, not at all.
It's nothing like that, so stop glaring.
Open up.
Then why are you suddenly
making a wrap for me I wonder.
- Forget it then.
- Here.
Open up.
How is it? Is it good?
It tastes good, but...
it feels like it might not sit well.
Wait.
That's better.
Shall we have a drink?
Cheers!
Cheers.
IF YOU DRINK THIS,
WE'LL BECOME A COUPLE
Nuances.
Right.
Green Narae has decided to visit
the company you work for,
so make sure you're ready.
Really?
No preliminary visit?
After spending some time with you...
I can tell you're trustworthy
and righteous.
There's no reason
not to visit your company.
Well, wait.
She gives compliments over nothing.
You see...
I think I know why you're like this.
Did you know?
Do you...
Well...
Miss Bom, do you...
You're right.
I thought about
why I kept letting you get to me.
Hide.
There's Camil Coffee on Rodeo Street.
That's my favorite coffee shop.
She has no clue how I feel.
Who's he going to beat up today?
Medals for everyone
on the winning team, yes or no?
Yes!
Bom-sik, I'll get the medal for you.
Make sure everyone's ready, okay?
The homeroom teacher!
Subtitle translation by: Wayne Ryu